Added feature extraction task documentation (#605)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/feature-extraction/about.md

## About the Task

> `Feature-Extraction` starts from initial set of measured data and builds derived values (features) intended to be informative and non-redundant, facilitating the subsequent learning and generalization steps in text, image & audio processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature extraction task is to start from initial set of measured data, and build features intended to be informative and non-redundant, facilitating the subsequent learning and generalization steps in text, image & audio processing.
```
I would be in favor of even further simplifying the language 😅

> The Hub contains over 2000 models for [feature-extraction](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=feature-extraction&p=2&sort=downloads).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we'd have to repeatedly update this so it's not needed, people can filter for themselves 🙂

## Use Cases

> It is used for downstream  tasks like 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature extraction can be used to transfer knowledge in natural language processing, computer vision and audio models.
```
I think this is somewhat simpler and less specific.

- Unsupervised Learning
- Sentiment/Text classification
- Image classification 
- Audio Classification

## Inference

#### Feature Extraction

> 

Reviewer: You can use `feature-extraction` pipeline like below 👇🏼

```python

> ## Loading the modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

from transformers import pipeline
#Fixing the chekpoint

> checkpoint = "facebook/bart-base"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
also you haven't passed checkpoint in initialization?

Author: I have actually, so will pass this suggestion?

> feature_extractor = pipeline("feature-extraction",framework="tf")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature_extractor = pipeline(model = "facebook/bart-base", task = "feature-extraction")
```

Author: I guess i am just using a custom model, so this should be fine?

> text = "\U0001F917 Transformers is an awesome library!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
text = "Transformers is an awesome library!"
```
Let's aim for simplicity!

> print(text)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this is not needed?

Author: Sure

> # 🤗 Transformers is an awesome library!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> feature_extractor(text,return_tensors = "tf")[0].numpy().mean(axis=0) ##Reducing along the first dimension to get a 768 dimensional array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Reducing along the first dimension to get a 768 dimensional array
feature_extractor(text, return_tensors = "tf")[0].numpy().mean(axis=0) 
```
is it possible for you to write this in PyTorch, not sure if it would be simpler but it adds extra complexity for beginner + minimalistic tutorial IMHO

> 

Reviewer: Can you print the output of call of feature_extractor?

Author: It will be a 768 dimension tensor, would not that be too big?

```

## Useful resources

> - [Feature-extractor](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/feature_extractor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Documentation for feature extractor of 🤗Transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/feature_extractor)
```

## About the Task

> `Feature extraction` task is to start from initial set of measured data, and build features intended to be informative 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature extraction is the task of building features intended to be informative from a given dataset,
```

> and non-redundant, facilitating the subsequent learning and generalization steps in text, image & audio processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
facilitating the subsequent learning and generalization steps in various domains of machine learning.
```
